hello it's Ruby and today I've decided
to vlog for the very first time so I'm
doing I'm going to be vlogging all
weekend so it's Friday at the moment and
we're just on our way home from school
Martha's got some vana here with her say
hello and they're both gonna go get that
ears kids now so that's just where we're
going
[Music]
we're about to have dinner
what I think it's putting food which we
get through the pudding and I'm not that
big on food and we've just finished
shopping and I've got practically all my
Christmas
oh my gosh
[Music]
so we've only actually just got home and
it's about quarter past eight half eight
it feels really weird to be getting home
too late so I'm going to try and get
some homework done I just I want to just
at least finish my philosophy essay
tonight but the first thing I'm going to
do this order Ruby's Christmas present
because I'm getting online and I went
together this evening so then I've got
practically all of my Christmas shopping
done I'm just going to write the
finishing paragraph of my essay
philosophy because I did most of it last
night but I didn't I just didn't get the
conclusion done so I'm just going to
write the conclusion so as you saw I
just went out to Christmas shopping and
despite the fact that of course I was
shopping for other people I did pick up
a few things for myself as well the
first thing is from Superdrug and it is
this peach shine caring Nivea lip balm
next thing is from Primark I got some
Maui and Sons coconut chips and if you
haven't tried these these are incredible
they are literally my favorite sweet
snack of all time
and so the penultimate thing that I got
was this paper chase eight gigabyte and
USB stick and it's in the shape of a
polar bear it's so so Christmassy and
then the very last thing that I got is
this Dickens and Jones makeup toiletry
pouch and I just adore the print on this
it is so so beautiful it's very British
it I realized that today is focused
pretty much entirely on shopping which
is incredibly shallow for my very first
vlog I must have meant that I'm fairly
disappointed with my work output for
today I only managed to accomplish at
the end of my essay and I didn't make a
stone any of the rest of my homework I
do know that this was the call
I was out on Friday night which usually
I'm not usually I spend the whole time
working but I'm gonna wake up early
tomorrow so that I can get a head start
I decided to end my evening with some
Quizlet so I added some new terms in
Spanish that I have learned over the
last week and then I just practiced all
of my cards and also played the gravity
game because I love it it's so much fun
[Music]
good morning everybody
so I've just woken up and I'm just about
to get started with work I'm going to
start with my chemistry paper but first
I'll just show you what I'm wearing
today so I'm wearing this flowy kind of
top and this from Abercrombie kids I'm
also wearing a pair of just normal
Bowden black leggings I've just finished
my chemistry homework and now I am
getting started with my Spanish homework
I have got to research how Catholicism
has influenced a South American country
I've just finished my Spanish homework
it's not very long it's it was only
meant to be a hundred to 250 words and
mine is 175 I'm a tiny bit over
[Music]
so I just made this poster it's the kind
of revision poster so it's got
everything one that I need to revise my
Spanish test on Thursday and I've also
just made a quiz lit with around 120
words so this is the quizlets and there
are quite a few as you can see my lovely
mom has now agreed to test me on some
more Spanish vocab this is the stuff
from my specification and I didn't
really want to put all of it into a quiz
it because some of the vocab is actually
quite easy I solution ah applica Theon
mmm I just had a delicious lunch of
lentil soup and garlic bread
and now I'm back at my desk and I am
doing some more Spanish revision for my
test on Thursday so I've just gone over
my formation of the four tenses that I
need for this test but at the moment I'm
doing some practice questions on
superlatives and comparatives so I would
say that I'm pretty much done with
Spanish revision I've just done one
other piece of homework it's not very
much it's just this little comparison
between different characters in Pan's
Labyrinth which we're studying in
Spanish
finally finished doing my Rs reading
homework I had to read a chapter of
about the ontological argument and then
write the notes on it and it actually
took quite a long time took me about an
hour and a half to do I am going to do
some of my new Spanish grammar workbook
which came on Thursday and I've been
really excited to start doing some of
the activities so now we're going to go
to a little Christmas market okay dad
comes down in the mean time mom and I
down up to the nines because it is
freezing I'm pretty sure it's about two
degrees Celsius at the moment
[Music]
at the moment I'm using my new Sipan to
scan some RS revision notes and put them
onto my computer so that then I can edit
them and easily write up my deontology
notes literally all you do is so I've
done pretty much all of my notes or
Kantian ethics
I came to two pages and again as I said
I'm really impressed with the c-pen I
might even do a review of it
[Music]
so I'm in my pajamas ready for bed
I've just finished doing some research
for a philosophy article that my friend
Tasha and I are writing now I'm watching
a tiny bit of YouTube whoo it's ten past
eleven and if you can't tell I've had a
shower so now I'm just going to read
some of my book because really that's
how I end every evening and I also need
to write an entry in my diary
oh good morning I woke up maybe half an
hour ago but I before that I was reading
in bed for a while I'm wearing this
brown Agnes B cardigan the head Baker
[Music]
flowery jumper talk thing and then I'm
wearing my favorite Jonny Bowden Scott
and I'm also wearing this necklace which
my friend Emily got me wearing something
quite smart today because I'm going to a
crystal and actually I think I'm going
to curl my hair for the service um but
at the same time I'm going to listen to
your CD so that I'm not wasting time
since I last spoke to you I have done my
I've curled my hair for one hold it and
I finished listening to the CD the
wholly lengthy I also did another few
pages of deontology notes then we went
in a short trip to go and get some
chickens a farmer very kindly agreed to
give us three large chickens and so we
just needed to go to the farm to collect
them and they were mastiff literally
absolutely huge and we had to have them
in these boxes in the car
[Music]
so we're currently in the car to go to
my cousins but they do I've just been to
a kristincole
so I've got my little kristinko orange
hair which actually my year we made 159
of them even though the marshmallows
have gotten in so I can't eat them and
I'm not a big fan of licorice and I
don't really like ice icing sugar so
none of your perfectly
I might eat the orange maybe only the
orange yeah we're stuck in traffic at
the moment because everyone's coming out
of the church where I'm this full way
traffic final we're going to the park to
meet my cousin cousins there my so Max
and Mars cousins Dwight one through four
this is Alfie the birthday boy 13 and
Alfie hu has a youtube target it's
called alpha Clippers afdi PPP yes after
the party thing we went to many Waitrose
to get some groceries and then when I
got home I did some editing and because
I do a filmmaking course every Monday
after school and we are given one word
and then we've got to make a film about
it over the next week and this week the
theme was Christmas so it is here that I
think I'm going to have to round up the
vlog um I've never probably logged
before so I'm not sure how successful
this is and please do tell me whether
it's the kind of thing you like to see
and something you think I should do
again or whether it's something that
doesn't really work too well you for
watching and have a productive week